Venue
=====

Event Space, Monday 25th March 2013 @ 1900

Agendas
=======

Directors Agenda
----------------

-   [Code_of_Conduct](Code_of_Conduct.md "wikilink") v1.1 on wiki, to be officially changed in April 2013
-   Elections protocol made clear
    -   Explained to all attendees, dates set
-   Fabled menu of sponsorship options
-   Cleaning
    -   Bin Provisioning
-   Redecoration
-   Apparel
-   Financial Reports
-   Club Mate Order
-   Birthday/Anniversary Plans?

Members Items to be Raised
--------------------------

-   C Wilgar asked whether people running for elections would be made aware of their obligations and entitlements.
    -   E Murray answered, saying that all people running or considering running would personally be told of their responsibilities, obligations and entitlements, and that a general guide for anyone considering it would be made public and known.
-   M Gilchrist asked whether Director titles would be named after the elections
    -   Consensus: this is a matter for the elected people to decide later.
-   R Phillips commented on the "sponsorship menu" being lacking for people other than philanthropists.
    -   Consensus: Farset Labs can't offer return on investment without stealing from members or corrupting the aims of the space.
-   J Tripathy asked about member rack storage provisions
    -   Consensus: When equipment is obtained for provisioning member racks, Farset Labs will look into such services.

Matters Arising
---------------

-   D Porter is working on a community portal/forum.
-   C Wilgar and R Gregg are kindly redecorating the space over Easter.
-   Several members raised the point of some members getting preferential treatment over others.
    -   Consensus: first come first served is the fairest way of doing things, as long as one person doesn't hinder others.

Actions
=======
